---
title: '7KAA 2.14.4'
slug: '7kaa-2.14.4'
author: 'the3dfxdude'
date: '2012-12-24'
summary : "Recently I've heard the news that Enlight is preparing for a steam release of an updated Seven Kingdoms 2 HD."
order: 0
---

Recently I've heard the news that Enlight is preparing for a steam release of an updated Seven Kingdoms 2 HD. I am glad to see that they are moving to a successful reboot of the game. It does seem that an HD update will be popular with the fans and attract new players.

[Seven Kingdoms 2 HD website](https://www.sevenkingdoms2.com/)<br>
[Steam website](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=324734478)

**What about Seven Kingdoms 2 OSS project? Do they use the same code?**
No, the two games are different code bases, as SK2-HD only supports Windows/DirectX, and SK2-OSS uses SDL2 and supports additional platforms. Also bear in mind SK2-OSS as of yet is not feature complete and is not the complete game as the game content can only be obtained from the commercial release. SK2-OSS will continue to be a available patch to the commercial release for those who want to go down this path.

We hope to remain compatible with 7K2HD and hope the synergy with a successful re-release of 7K2HD on steam will be both beneficial for Enlight and the community.

**What about Seven Kingdoms HD?**
There was some discussion of the possibility of a Seven Kingdoms HD a while ago now. Ultimately it did not happen due to lack of interest, technical concerns, or if we were going to be responsible for this version, we lacked time as volunteers. Today it is not really needed as 7KAA-OSS is mostly feature complete and going strong. I think a 7KHD would have needed a complete graphics over-haul to make it look nice in HD format today, but that is something we already have with 7K2. So it makes more sense for the 7K2 reboot as it has all the features everyone was asking for already, and has stronger interest, indeed as Enlight is commercially supporting it. So 7KAA remains a complete, successful OSS release, which I think it is very suited for.

As always, it will be nice to see where Enlight takes the Seven Kingdoms series next. Also, the fan-site is 5 years old now and still active. Let's continue to go strong.

[Comment in the forums](http://www.7kfans.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=746)
