---
title: '7KAA 2.14.6'
slug: '7kaa-2.14.6'
author: 'the3dfxdude'
date: '2016-09-04'
summary : 'Another great release here'
order: 0
---

# 7KAA 2.14.6

### Posted on Sept 4, 2016 by the3dfxdude

Another great release here, this time adding back in lobby support similar to what was in the original game. With the in-game 7kfans.com service feature, you can use your forum name in-game, while being logged in to the forum with your web browser, and this will give you access to the assisted 7kfans.com match-making features.

This 2.14.xx series is now considered a stable branch of the tree for all users of the game. So everyone should start using this version, and move off the 2.13 version of the game. Besides, there are great additions to game thanks to everyone contributions in the community. This said, the game might not be trouble free, and there are likely cross-platform issues that will continue to be ironed out. Please give your reports and lets fix them!

**Summary of changes in this release**

* Added support for 7kfans.com match-making.
* Added LAN game browsing support.
* Added Mobilize Worker button on firms. (sraboy/Microvirus)
* Improvements to mouse acceleration.
* Fixes to mouse movement in fullscreen mode.
* Fixed a bug with 64-bit multiplayer matches.
* Begun translation work. (toaster)
* Fix character encoding with accented characters. (MicroVirus)
* Bugfixes...

Thanks to all who made this release possible.

[Download 7kaa](../download/v2.14.6.html)<br>
[Comment in the forums](https://www.7kfans.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=18&amp;t=868)
