---
title: 'Seven Kingdoms v2.15.1'
slug: 'seven-kingdoms-v2.15.1'
author : 'the3dfxdude'
date : '2018-12-28'
summary : 'Here is a release to help address currently known desync and platform issues. This hopefully will improve stability some. But this is only a start. Likely other big issues remain.'
order: 1
---

# Seven Kingdoms v2.15.1

### Posted on 2018-12-28 by the3dfxdude

Here is a release to help address currently known desync and platform issues. This hopefully will improve stability some. But this is only a start. Likely other big issues remain.

[Comment in the forums](https://7kfans.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=18&amp;t=1077)<br>
[Download](../download/v2.15.1.html)

## Summary of changes from 2.15.0 to 2.15.1

* Fixed desync on mobilizing workers.
* Fixed desync on troop sortie, by making troop sorting deterministic.
* Fixed desync on AI attack planning, by making AI fort sorting deterministic.
* Fixed error that caused multiplayer save files appear out of sync.
* Changed the Button class to not block on holding down the mouse button, smoothing multiplayer games when alot of clicking may be happening.
* Prevent mobilizing foreign workers from your Firms, however they may be fired back to their home town.
* Only enable mobilize worker button when the firm is staffed with non-foreign workers.
* Prefer IPv4 addressing for 7kfans.com match-making.
* Fixed ambiguity in some translations.
* Repack structures for Crc checking due to pointer sizing.
* Improved cross-compilation and platform support.
* Uppercased the data and user files, as they are supported in the code, maintaining consistency and without needing to guess case.
* Fixed missing Fryhtan encyclopedia picture on some systems.
* Fixed observation mode visibility when playing a replay.
* Added support for center and right paragraph justification.
* Packagers please note that the music files must be in upper-case now, see the latest download for the music.
